Privacy Policy

Protecting your private information is our priority.  This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.hireachef.com and HireAChef.com, LLC and governs the data collection and usage.  For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to HireAChef.com, LLC include www.hireachef.com and HireAChef.com, LLC.  The HireaChef.com website is a chef referral network site. By using HireAChef.com website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.

Collection of your Personal Information

We do not collect personally identifiable information from our users however we reserve the right to gather personal or non-personal information in the future.

Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by HireAChef.com.  This information can include: your IP Address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.  This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the HireAChef.com website.

HireAChef.com encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from HireAChef.com so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information.  HireAChef.com is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the HireAChef.com website.

Security of your Personal Information

HireAChef.com secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.  When personal information is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.

Children Under Thirteen

HireAChef.com does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen.  If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.

Opt-Out and Unsubscribe

We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information.  Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from HireAChef.com by contacting us here:unsubscribe@hireachef.com

 Changes to this Statement

HireAChef.com will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. HireAChef.com encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how HireAChef.com is protecting your information.

Contact Information

HireAChef.com welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.

If you believe that HireAChef.com has not adhered to this Statement, please contact HireAChef.com at:

 

HireAChef.com, LLC

7680 Universal Blvd., STE 550

Orlando, FL 32819

 

Email Address:Info@uspca.com

Telephone Number:1-800-995-2138